what are we watching Grabner the
wanderer what yeah grabbin our is a
medieval monk with the powers of the god
can I it then he wanders from town to
town doing what mainly killing people
did you give me a little room Bob
actually you can call me thorax the
Impaler what disco huh do you like that
if you like ramrod the destroyer are you
retarded look your name is Bob and I'm
calling you Bob who is this bob that you
speak of fellow wanderer you've got to
be kidding me thorax the Impaler never
speaks in jest Bob would you just help
me rappel down thorax God's sake we have
a job to do the government is depending
on us and you do the all the time you
have spirits in one I will call you
Steve the vagina listen thorax just
lower the rope fare thee well you angry
little gnome and I hope Grabner smites
you Lord of disguise it is I thorax hear
my call you realize that the thorax is a
part of an insect right no you see I
spell it th 0 r hyphen ax it's totally
different all right lower the rope
thorax the impaler vows before no man
feel my power did you just throw damn it
submit to my will and you will be saved
challenge me and you will be destroyed
what is wrong with you ah are you insane
submit to my will Jesus ok ok I submit
to your will and whose will is that
thorax the Impaler good and who is
submitting please don't would you like
another bolt from a god mortal what is
your name Steve Steve what Steve the
vagina you may ascend
I swear to God if I didn't need to get
out of here I'd kill you oh come on it
was a joke if there's grenades at there
were flash grenades I wouldn't throw
real grenades at you I mean come on it
would just be stupid Steve what get mad
hey